1. Can post requests be bookmarked? What are the problems?
An HTTP POST can be bookmarked, but since a bookmark only consists of the URL, all of the form parameters will be lost. This will often mean that the web server doesn't know what to do with the request, since it was expecting some form parameters.
2. What is the purpose of request dispatching?
The RequestDispatcher interface provides the facility of dispatching the request to another resource it may be html, servlet or jsp. This interface can also be used to include the content of another resource also. It is one of the way of servlet collaboration.
3. What is the difference between redirect and request dispatch?
Redirection is a type of response sent back to the client, whereas the forward delegation takes place completely on the server side and the result of the forward action returns to the client as if it came only from the original URL.
4. What is an attribute ?
HTML Tag Attributes are modifiers for the HTML tags and they provide additional information.
5. What is the difference between attributes and parameters?
The difference between attribute and parameter is that an attribute is a variable of any type that is declared directly in a class while a parameter is a variable defined by the function that receives a value when it is called.
6. What are dangers of using attributes?
Use this method when the form has no side-effects and contains only ASCII characters.
7. What does it mean to say that http is stateless? Give an example of a stateful protocol.
Network Protocols for web browser and servers are categorized into two types: Stateless Protocol, and Stateful protocol.
8. Give 5 different methods for maintaining state information (count each attribute scope as one method).
9. How long does a session last?
session should be exactly as short as possible, the limit being, indeed, the user's annoyance.
10. What is a cookie, and how long does a cookie last?
The duration of a cookie can be set when it is created. By default, the cookie is destroyed when the current browser window is closed.
11. What is the purpose of URL rewriting?
URL rewriting is the process of modifying Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) for various purposes.
12. Why does the request attribute report ‘null’ for the maintaining state demo?
The HttpSession object is used for session management. A session contains information specific to a particular user across the whole application.
